         dummy_data_vax  generate_study_population     data_input_process  data_eligible_ab      data_2nd_vax_dates  plot_2nd_vax_dates  data_eligible_cde    generate_covs_data     data_covariates_process  data_min_max_fu     plot_cumulative_incidence     table1     data_tte_process  event_counts                 preflight_BNT162b2_1_TRUE_anytest 
apply_model_cox_BNT162b2_1_TRUE_anytest   preflight_BNT162b2_1_TRUE_postest 
apply_model_cox_BNT162b2_1_TRUE_postest   preflight_BNT162b2_1_TRUE_covidadmitted 
apply_model_cox_BNT162b2_1_TRUE_covidadmitted   preflight_BNT162b2_1_TRUE_coviddeath 
apply_model_cox_BNT162b2_1_TRUE_coviddeath   preflight_BNT162b2_1_TRUE_noncoviddeath 
apply_model_cox_BNT162b2_1_TRUE_noncoviddeath   preflight_BNT162b2_2_TRUE_anytest 
apply_model_cox_BNT162b2_2_TRUE_anytest   preflight_BNT162b2_2_TRUE_postest 
apply_model_cox_BNT162b2_2_TRUE_postest   preflight_BNT162b2_2_TRUE_covidadmitted 
apply_model_cox_BNT162b2_2_TRUE_covidadmitted   preflight_BNT162b2_2_TRUE_coviddeath 
apply_model_cox_BNT162b2_2_TRUE_coviddeath   preflight_BNT162b2_2_TRUE_noncoviddeath 
apply_model_cox_BNT162b2_2_TRUE_noncoviddeath   preflight_BNT162b2_3_TRUE_anytest 
apply_model_cox_BNT162b2_3_TRUE_anytest   preflight_BNT162b2_3_TRUE_postest 
apply_model_cox_BNT162b2_3_TRUE_postest   preflight_BNT162b2_3_TRUE_covidadmitted 
apply_model_cox_BNT162b2_3_TRUE_covidadmitted   preflight_BNT162b2_3_TRUE_coviddeath 
apply_model_cox_BNT162b2_3_TRUE_coviddeath   preflight_BNT162b2_3_TRUE_noncoviddeath 
apply_model_cox_BNT162b2_3_TRUE_noncoviddeath   preflight_BNT162b2_4_TRUE_anytest 
apply_model_cox_BNT162b2_4_TRUE_anytest   preflight_BNT162b2_4_TRUE_postest 
apply_model_cox_BNT162b2_4_TRUE_postest   preflight_BNT162b2_4_TRUE_covidadmitted 
apply_model_cox_BNT162b2_4_TRUE_covidadmitted   preflight_BNT162b2_4_TRUE_coviddeath 
apply_model_cox_BNT162b2_4_TRUE_coviddeath   preflight_BNT162b2_4_TRUE_noncoviddeath 
apply_model_cox_BNT162b2_4_TRUE_noncoviddeath   preflight_ChAdOx1_1_TRUE_anytest 
apply_model_cox_ChAdOx1_1_TRUE_anytest   preflight_ChAdOx1_1_TRUE_postest 
apply_model_cox_ChAdOx1_1_TRUE_postest   preflight_ChAdOx1_1_TRUE_covidadmitted 
apply_model_cox_ChAdOx1_1_TRUE_covidadmitted   preflight_ChAdOx1_1_TRUE_coviddeath 
apply_model_cox_ChAdOx1_1_TRUE_coviddeath   preflight_ChAdOx1_1_TRUE_noncoviddeath 
apply_model_cox_ChAdOx1_1_TRUE_noncoviddeath   preflight_ChAdOx1_2_TRUE_anytest 
apply_model_cox_ChAdOx1_2_TRUE_anytest   preflight_ChAdOx1_2_TRUE_postest 
apply_model_cox_ChAdOx1_2_TRUE_postest   preflight_ChAdOx1_2_TRUE_covidadmitted 
apply_model_cox_ChAdOx1_2_TRUE_covidadmitted   preflight_ChAdOx1_2_TRUE_coviddeath 
apply_model_cox_ChAdOx1_2_TRUE_coviddeath   preflight_ChAdOx1_2_TRUE_noncoviddeath 
apply_model_cox_ChAdOx1_2_TRUE_noncoviddeath   preflight_ChAdOx1_3_TRUE_anytest 
apply_model_cox_ChAdOx1_3_TRUE_anytest   preflight_ChAdOx1_3_TRUE_postest 
apply_model_cox_ChAdOx1_3_TRUE_postest   preflight_ChAdOx1_3_TRUE_covidadmitted 
apply_model_cox_ChAdOx1_3_TRUE_covidadmitted   preflight_ChAdOx1_3_TRUE_coviddeath 
apply_model_cox_ChAdOx1_3_TRUE_coviddeath   preflight_ChAdOx1_3_TRUE_noncoviddeath 
apply_model_cox_ChAdOx1_3_TRUE_noncoviddeath   preflight_ChAdOx1_4_TRUE_anytest 
apply_model_cox_ChAdOx1_4_TRUE_anytest   preflight_ChAdOx1_4_TRUE_postest 
apply_model_cox_ChAdOx1_4_TRUE_postest   preflight_ChAdOx1_4_TRUE_covidadmitted 
apply_model_cox_ChAdOx1_4_TRUE_covidadmitted   preflight_ChAdOx1_4_TRUE_coviddeath 
apply_model_cox_ChAdOx1_4_TRUE_coviddeath   preflight_ChAdOx1_4_TRUE_noncoviddeath 
apply_model_cox_ChAdOx1_4_TRUE_noncoviddeath   preflight_both_1_TRUE_anytest 
apply_model_cox_both_1_TRUE_anytest   preflight_both_1_TRUE_postest 
apply_model_cox_both_1_TRUE_postest   preflight_both_1_TRUE_covidadmitted 
apply_model_cox_both_1_TRUE_covidadmitted   preflight_both_1_TRUE_coviddeath 
apply_model_cox_both_1_TRUE_coviddeath   preflight_both_1_TRUE_noncoviddeath 
apply_model_cox_both_1_TRUE_noncoviddeath   preflight_both_2_TRUE_anytest 
apply_model_cox_both_2_TRUE_anytest   preflight_both_2_TRUE_postest 
apply_model_cox_both_2_TRUE_postest   preflight_both_2_TRUE_covidadmitted 
apply_model_cox_both_2_TRUE_covidadmitted   preflight_both_2_TRUE_coviddeath 
apply_model_cox_both_2_TRUE_coviddeath   preflight_both_2_TRUE_noncoviddeath 
apply_model_cox_both_2_TRUE_noncoviddeath   preflight_both_3_TRUE_anytest 
apply_model_cox_both_3_TRUE_anytest   preflight_both_3_TRUE_postest 
apply_model_cox_both_3_TRUE_postest   preflight_both_3_TRUE_covidadmitted 
apply_model_cox_both_3_TRUE_covidadmitted   preflight_both_3_TRUE_coviddeath 
apply_model_cox_both_3_TRUE_coviddeath   preflight_both_3_TRUE_noncoviddeath 
apply_model_cox_both_3_TRUE_noncoviddeath   preflight_both_4_TRUE_anytest 
apply_model_cox_both_4_TRUE_anytest   preflight_both_4_TRUE_postest 
apply_model_cox_both_4_TRUE_postest   preflight_both_4_TRUE_covidadmitted 
apply_model_cox_both_4_TRUE_covidadmitted   preflight_both_4_TRUE_coviddeath 
apply_model_cox_both_4_TRUE_coviddeath   preflight_both_4_TRUE_noncoviddeath 
apply_model_cox_both_4_TRUE_noncoviddeath    preflight_BNT162b2_1_FALSE_anytest 
apply_model_cox_BNT162b2_1_FALSE_anytest   preflight_BNT162b2_1_FALSE_postest 
apply_model_cox_BNT162b2_1_FALSE_postest   preflight_BNT162b2_1_FALSE_covidadmitted 
apply_model_cox_BNT162b2_1_FALSE_covidadmitted   preflight_BNT162b2_1_FALSE_coviddeath 
apply_model_cox_BNT162b2_1_FALSE_coviddeath   preflight_BNT162b2_1_FALSE_noncoviddeath 
apply_model_cox_BNT162b2_1_FALSE_noncoviddeath   preflight_BNT162b2_2_FALSE_anytest 
apply_model_cox_BNT162b2_2_FALSE_anytest   preflight_BNT162b2_2_FALSE_postest 
apply_model_cox_BNT162b2_2_FALSE_postest   preflight_BNT162b2_2_FALSE_covidadmitted 
apply_model_cox_BNT162b2_2_FALSE_covidadmitted   preflight_BNT162b2_2_FALSE_coviddeath 
apply_model_cox_BNT162b2_2_FALSE_coviddeath   preflight_BNT162b2_2_FALSE_noncoviddeath 
apply_model_cox_BNT162b2_2_FALSE_noncoviddeath   preflight_BNT162b2_3_FALSE_anytest 
apply_model_cox_BNT162b2_3_FALSE_anytest   preflight_BNT162b2_3_FALSE_postest 
apply_model_cox_BNT162b2_3_FALSE_postest   preflight_BNT162b2_3_FALSE_covidadmitted 
apply_model_cox_BNT162b2_3_FALSE_covidadmitted   preflight_BNT162b2_3_FALSE_coviddeath 
apply_model_cox_BNT162b2_3_FALSE_coviddeath   preflight_BNT162b2_3_FALSE_noncoviddeath 
apply_model_cox_BNT162b2_3_FALSE_noncoviddeath   preflight_BNT162b2_4_FALSE_anytest 
apply_model_cox_BNT162b2_4_FALSE_anytest   preflight_BNT162b2_4_FALSE_postest 
apply_model_cox_BNT162b2_4_FALSE_postest   preflight_BNT162b2_4_FALSE_covidadmitted 
apply_model_cox_BNT162b2_4_FALSE_covidadmitted   preflight_BNT162b2_4_FALSE_coviddeath 
apply_model_cox_BNT162b2_4_FALSE_coviddeath   preflight_BNT162b2_4_FALSE_noncoviddeath 
apply_model_cox_BNT162b2_4_FALSE_noncoviddeath   preflight_ChAdOx1_1_FALSE_anytest 
apply_model_cox_ChAdOx1_1_FALSE_anytest   preflight_ChAdOx1_1_FALSE_postest 
apply_model_cox_ChAdOx1_1_FALSE_postest   preflight_ChAdOx1_1_FALSE_covidadmitted 
apply_model_cox_ChAdOx1_1_FALSE_covidadmitted   preflight_ChAdOx1_1_FALSE_coviddeath 
apply_model_cox_ChAdOx1_1_FALSE_coviddeath   preflight_ChAdOx1_1_FALSE_noncoviddeath 
apply_model_cox_ChAdOx1_1_FALSE_noncoviddeath   preflight_ChAdOx1_2_FALSE_anytest 
apply_model_cox_ChAdOx1_2_FALSE_anytest   preflight_ChAdOx1_2_FALSE_postest 
apply_model_cox_ChAdOx1_2_FALSE_postest   preflight_ChAdOx1_2_FALSE_covidadmitted 
apply_model_cox_ChAdOx1_2_FALSE_covidadmitted   preflight_ChAdOx1_2_FALSE_coviddeath 
apply_model_cox_ChAdOx1_2_FALSE_coviddeath   preflight_ChAdOx1_2_FALSE_noncoviddeath 
apply_model_cox_ChAdOx1_2_FALSE_noncoviddeath   preflight_ChAdOx1_3_FALSE_anytest 
apply_model_cox_ChAdOx1_3_FALSE_anytest   preflight_ChAdOx1_3_FALSE_postest 
apply_model_cox_ChAdOx1_3_FALSE_postest   preflight_ChAdOx1_3_FALSE_covidadmitted 
apply_model_cox_ChAdOx1_3_FALSE_covidadmitted   preflight_ChAdOx1_3_FALSE_coviddeath 
apply_model_cox_ChAdOx1_3_FALSE_coviddeath   preflight_ChAdOx1_3_FALSE_noncoviddeath 
apply_model_cox_ChAdOx1_3_FALSE_noncoviddeath   preflight_ChAdOx1_4_FALSE_anytest 
apply_model_cox_ChAdOx1_4_FALSE_anytest   preflight_ChAdOx1_4_FALSE_postest 
apply_model_cox_ChAdOx1_4_FALSE_postest   preflight_ChAdOx1_4_FALSE_covidadmitted 
apply_model_cox_ChAdOx1_4_FALSE_covidadmitted   preflight_ChAdOx1_4_FALSE_coviddeath 
apply_model_cox_ChAdOx1_4_FALSE_coviddeath   preflight_ChAdOx1_4_FALSE_noncoviddeath 
apply_model_cox_ChAdOx1_4_FALSE_noncoviddeath   preflight_both_1_FALSE_anytest 
apply_model_cox_both_1_FALSE_anytest   preflight_both_1_FALSE_postest 
apply_model_cox_both_1_FALSE_postest   preflight_both_1_FALSE_covidadmitted 
apply_model_cox_both_1_FALSE_covidadmitted   preflight_both_1_FALSE_coviddeath 
apply_model_cox_both_1_FALSE_coviddeath   preflight_both_1_FALSE_noncoviddeath 
apply_model_cox_both_1_FALSE_noncoviddeath   preflight_both_2_FALSE_anytest 
apply_model_cox_both_2_FALSE_anytest   preflight_both_2_FALSE_postest 
apply_model_cox_both_2_FALSE_postest   preflight_both_2_FALSE_covidadmitted 
apply_model_cox_both_2_FALSE_covidadmitted   preflight_both_2_FALSE_coviddeath 
apply_model_cox_both_2_FALSE_coviddeath   preflight_both_2_FALSE_noncoviddeath 
apply_model_cox_both_2_FALSE_noncoviddeath   preflight_both_3_FALSE_anytest 
apply_model_cox_both_3_FALSE_anytest   preflight_both_3_FALSE_postest 
apply_model_cox_both_3_FALSE_postest   preflight_both_3_FALSE_covidadmitted 
apply_model_cox_both_3_FALSE_covidadmitted   preflight_both_3_FALSE_coviddeath 
apply_model_cox_both_3_FALSE_coviddeath   preflight_both_3_FALSE_noncoviddeath 
apply_model_cox_both_3_FALSE_noncoviddeath   preflight_both_4_FALSE_anytest 
apply_model_cox_both_4_FALSE_anytest   preflight_both_4_FALSE_postest 
apply_model_cox_both_4_FALSE_postest   preflight_both_4_FALSE_covidadmitted 
apply_model_cox_both_4_FALSE_covidadmitted   preflight_both_4_FALSE_coviddeath 
apply_model_cox_both_4_FALSE_coviddeath   preflight_both_4_FALSE_noncoviddeath 
apply_model_cox_both_4_FALSE_noncoviddeath  combine_estimates  plot_all
